Activity reviewed modifications (#1)
AMWA-TV/bcp-005-03: docs/NMOS-With-IPMX-PEP.md

A Sender MUST populate the `ext_privacy_key_id` extended transport parameter in the IS-05 `active`, `staged` and `constraints` endpoints with the `key_id` of its associated PSK. A Sender that is not associated with a PSK MUST NOT expose the IS-05 extended transport parameters of the Privacy Encryption Protocol.

A Receiver MUST populate the `ext_privacy_key_id` extended transport parameter in the IS-05 `constraints` endpoint with all acceptable `key_id` values. At activation time, a Receiver using privacy encryption becomes associated with one of the provisioned PSKs through the `ext_privacy_key_id` extended transport parameter. A Receiver MUST fail activation if the provided `key_id` is not provisioned in the device or is not listed in the Receiver's `ext_privacy_key_id` transport parameter constraints. A Receiver that is not associated with any PSK MUST NOT expose the IS-05 extended transport parameters of the Privacy Encryption Protocol.

## Enabling/Disabling Privacy Encryption

As indicated in [TR-10-13][], the enabling and disabling of privacy encryption in devices supporting the PEP technology is under the control of the device manufacturer.

> The IS-05 NMOS API MUST NOT allow to change the state (enabled or disabled) of privacy encryption.

Reviewer: In other specs we've generally tried to anchor conformance language against an identifiable "actor" like (node, device, client, controller or registry).
```suggestion
Devices MUST NOT allow changes to the state (enabled or disabled) of privacy encryption through the IS-05 NMOS API
```

## Controller

A Controller MUST verify Receivers' compliance with an active Sender using privacy encryption and the PEP protocol. 

A Controller establishes that an active Sender is using privacy encryption and the PEP protocol by checking the Sender's `privacy` attribute, or by checking the Sender’s SDP transport file for a `privacy` attribute, or by checking the Sender's `urn:x-nmos:cap:transport:privacy` capability, or by verifying the Sender's IS-05  `ext_privacy_*` extended transport parameters at the `active` endpoint.

The Sender's `privacy` attribute being set to `true` or the presence of the `privacy` attribute in the SDP transport file, indicates that the stream is privacy-protected. 

Similarly, the Sender's IS-04 `urn:x-nmos:cap:transport:privacy` capability, enumerating the value `true`, indicates that the stream is privacy-protected. 

Finally, the presence of the Sender's IS-05 `ext_privacy_protocol` and `ext_privacy_mode` transport parameters at the `active` endpoint with a value other than "NULL" indicate that the stream is privacy-protected.

> When considering an inactive Sender, a Controller MUST NOT rely on the content of the SDP transport file as it MAY NOT be available until the Sender becomes active.

Reviewer: Could it be that some devices still have an SDP file (from previous activations) but they don't update it until the sender becomes active?
```suggestion
When considering an inactive Sender, a Controller MUST NOT rely on the content of the SDP transport file as it MAY NOT be available or up to date until the Sender becomes active.
```

Author: I agree it is a safer to include "up to date"

A Controller MUST read the value of the Receiver's `ext_privacy_ecdh_receiver_public_key` transport parameter prior to activation, when `master_enable` is `false`. Once a Controller reads the `ext_privacy_ecdh_receiver_public_key` transport parameter of a Receiver and provides its value to a Sender, it MUST NOT perform any subsequent activation of that Receiver with `master_enable` set to `false`, as this would regenerate the value of `ext_privacy_ecdh_receiver_public_key`.

A Controller MUST provide the value of the peer Sender's `ext_privacy_ecdh_sender_public_key` transport parameter to the Receiver during activation, when `master_enable` is set to `true`.

With ECDH, a Controller MUST exchange the Sender's and Receiver's public keys in order to activate an ECDH session. The ECDH functionality is available for peer-to-peer connections only. A Sender becomes associated with a peer Receiver at activation, when `master_enable` becomes `true`.

### Sequence Diagrams (Informative)

> The following sequence diagram illustrate a Controller evaluating the privacy encryption compliance of a Receiver with a Sender in a non-ECDH scenario. The Controller optionally reconfigure the Sender to match with the Receiver capabilities. This process is performed while the Sender and Receiver are inactive (master_enable is false).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following sequence diagram illustrates a Controller evaluating the privacy encryption compliance of a Receiver with a Sender in a non-ECDH scenario. The Controller optionally reconfigures the Sender to match the Receiver capabilities. This process is performed while the Sender and Receiver are inactive (master_enable is false).
```

> | ![Sequence Diagram without ECDH](images/Sequence-General.png) |

Reviewer: The diagram is great for understanding the interactions happening. Just one minor recommendation. Should we update the follow diagram text lines:
* Evaluate IS-04 compliance -> Evaluate privacy compliance at IS-04 level
* Evaluate IS-05 compliance -> Evaluate privacy compliance at IS-05 level

Author: OK I will update the diagrams shortly

|:--:|
| _**Sequence Diagram without ECDH**_ |

> The following sequence diagram illustrate a Controller evaluating the privacy encryption compliance of a Receiver with a Sender in an ECDH scenario. The Controller minimally reconfigure the Sender by passing the Receiver's ECDH public key and optionally reconfigure of the Sender to match with the Receiver capabilities. This process is performed while the Sender and Receiver are inactive (master_enable is false).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following sequence diagram illustrates a Controller evaluating the privacy encryption compliance of a Receiver with a Sender in an ECDH scenario. The Controller reconfigures the Sender by passing the Receiver's ECDH public key and optionally changes other Sender transport parameters to match the Receiver capabilities. This process is performed while the Sender and Receiver are inactive (master_enable is false).
```

> | ![Sequence Diagram with ECDH](images/Sequence-ECDH.png) |

Reviewer: The diagram is great for understanding the interactions happening. Just one minor recommendation. Should we update the follow diagram text lines:
* Evaluate IS-04 compliance -> Evaluate privacy compliance at IS-04 level
* Evaluate IS-05 compliance -> Evaluate privacy compliance at IS-05 level

Author: OK I will update the diagrams shortly
